
.. currentmodule:: gloria

Version 0.1.2
=============

Simplified Installation
-----------------------
There are now wheels on `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/gloria/>`_ for Windows, MacOS, and Linux including system-specific precompiled Stan models and a pruned CmdStan distribution. This CmdStan distribution contains all binaries and libraries required to run the models and brings two advantages:

1. Previously, a full CmdStan installation was required as part of Gloria's setup. This process took several minutes and consumed around 1 GB of disk space. The new pruned version is now installed automatically with Gloria and only takes a few 10 MB. This drastically simplifies :ref:`Gloria's installation <ref-installation>` process.
2. Each model previously had to be compiled once on the first use by Gloria, which occasionally caused runtime errors on some machines (see `#65 <https://github.com/e-dyn/gloria/issues/65>`_). Now, all models are precompiled, eliminating the need for runtime compilation.

The packaging setup is based on `this cookiecutter template <https://github.com/WardBrian/cookiecutter-cmdstanpy-wrapper>`_ by `Brian Ward <https://github.com/WardBrian>`_.

Bugfixes
--------
- :meth:`Gloria.plot` with ``show_capacity`` set to ``True`` now correctly uses the internal state ``self.vectorized`` to distinguish between vectorized and constant capacities (see `#60 <https://github.com/e-dyn/gloria/issues/60>`_).
- Fixed a bug in :meth:`Gloria.plot_components` that caused a mismatch between number of ticks and labels on the timestamp axis (see `#66 <https://github.com/e-dyn/gloria/issues/66>`_)

Documentation
-------------
- `Release notes <https://e-dyn.github.io/gloria/release_notes/index.html>`_ page added to the docs.
- Corrected :ref:`Saturation <ref-saturation>` tutorial by removing references to the non-existent. ``capacity_mode="vectorized"`` and aligning prose to code blocks (see `#59 <https://github.com/e-dyn/gloria/issues/59>`_).
- Removed the CmdStan installation section from the :ref:`installation <ref-installation>` tutorial.

Contributors
------------
- Benjamin Kambs
